Dear Customer,


first of all thank you for buying this asset.


Until the more detailed 'Readme' arrives, here are some quicktips to use the assets properly.

1. The best way to create your tracks is to make a copy of the demo file, delete everything but the 'INVENTORY' from the 'Hierarchy'and build your tracks from the modules in the 'INVENTORY'.

The reason behind this:

- The 'Coordinate Helper' helps you to memorize the typical coordinate values for the modules (all modules' size based on a 90m x 90m grid)
- The INVENTORY contains all current modules, so you don't have to spend time with identification, just duplicate elements from the inventory and you can make  your track in MINUTES.
- All racetrack modules contains 2 to 4 versions of 'sub-modules' (Hi-Poly/Low-Poly and Grass/NoGrass).The prefabs are also coming with built-in colliders. 
- You can use SNAP systems for deploying, but it is not necessary for speed track creation.

2. After creating your first track you can do these steps:

A. Delete/Switch off the unnecessary parts.
(If you don't need the low-poly versions, the elements with grass or rails, etc., you can switch them off/delete them).

B. Change the colors of the track elements (Simple replace the materials with the proper one (ends like *.C01/C02/C03)

C. You can optimize drawcalls with attaching the elements with the same materials/shaders/textures (depending on your wishes). 
As the models use shared textures in the most of the cases, it could speed up your game incredibly.

3. If Unity asks for 'Fix normal map', press 'Ignore'. That is a 'bug' with handling textures converted 'in engine' to normals.

4. If needed a mirrored version of a track part what hasn't prepared for instant usage, you can scale its dimension to '-1' on the proper axis.

5. Unity 5 contains a bug in deferred mode what result artifacts on tree leaves. To fix it resize shadow caster to full size, change camera background color values to zero and turn on hdr.


All the best and enjoy your time!

Good luck with your game!

HereVR

Other info: Skybox was rendered from the  'Time of day' sky system (http://u3d.as/4fg), with the agreement of its author.

